Create rule S6506: Allowing downgrades to a clear-text protocol is security-sensitive (APPSEC-489) (#1588)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6506/description.adoc

> The usage of HTTPS is not enforced here. As it is possible for the HTTP client to follow redirects, such a redirect might lead to a website using HTTP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The usage of HTTPS is not enforced here. As it is possible for the HTTP client to follow redirects, such redirects might lead to websites using HTTP.
```
